employment contract
Between the
Labor Digital Ltd
Wiesenhüttenplatz 25
D – 60329 Frankfurt am Main
- Employer -
and
Mr
Navin Ajit Dhote
xxx
Riga, Latvia
- worker -
is agreed as follows:

§ 1 Legal framework and place of work
(1) The employment relationship begins on November 1st, 2022.
(2) The place of work is Frankfurt am Main. If necessary, the employee can also work at other locations
used by the company or by customers at other locations and is in connection with
obliged to make business trips in Germany and abroad to carry out their work.

§ 2 Activity
(1) The employee is hired as a senior full stack developer and for the following work
deployed:
• Design and development of masks, databases and business logic
• Development of integration, especially via web services (including SOAP)
• Design, development and customization of software according to requirements
of Labor Digital's customers
• Checks and tests of the concepts and the developed software
(2) The employee undertakes to also carry out other equivalent and reasonable work,
which are not associated with a reduction in wages.

§ 3 contract term
The employment relationship is concluded for an indefinite period. The first six months are considered a probationary period.
During this time, the employment relationship can be terminated by either party with a notice period of two weeks
be terminated.

§ 4 Remuneration
(1) During the probationary period, the employee will receive annual gross remuneration of EUR 76,000.
This is paid out in 12 equal monthly installments.
(2) After the end of the probationary period, the remuneration increases automatically to EUR 80,000 per year.
(3) After the probationary period, remuneration consists of a fixed basic salary of 90 percent and
a variable portion of 10 percent of the gross remuneration mentioned under (2).
(4) The variable remuneration amounting to 10 percent of the annual
Gross Compensation will be paid subject to the achievement of the target set for the team, in
which the employee worked, is calculated and paid out on a quarterly basis.
(5) The non-cash payment of the monthly fee must be made in good time so that the receipt of payment
the employee's bank account no later than the penultimate bank day of the month. Of the
The payment date may differ due to a voluntary (general) company agreement
to be determined.
(6) The variable remuneration is due on the last day of the month following a quarter.
(7) The payment of both the fixed and the variable remuneration is made cashless by bank transfer
to an account to be notified to the employer. The employee is obliged to any change
of the account details to be announced immediately. Delays in salary payments due to
non-communication of new bank details are not at the expense of the employer.
(8) After 18 months from the end of the probationary period, the employee is entitled to a
Discussion with the employer about his prospects - in particular about whether and when a
Increase in remuneration to 115 percent can be achieved in accordance with clause (1.). Becomes
If this goal is not achieved, the employee is entitled to a corresponding annual interview.

§ 5 travel expenses
(1) For this purpose, reference is made to the travel expenses guideline in the employee handbook.
§ 6 working hours
(1) The regular weekly working time is 40 hours.
(2) The employee is obliged to work reasonable overtime or
To work overtime within the framework of up to 10 percent of the regular weekly working hours.
(3) The decision as to whether overtime that is not already included in the regular remuneration of the
Employees are compensated by time off in lieu or in money is at the discretion
of the employer. It is also at the discretion of the employer, the times when the
Compensatory time off is granted, to be determined in accordance with this clause.
(4) Claims for compensation for overtime for a month are valid within 60 days
make. Otherwise the claims expire. The compensation - in time or money - is due until the end
of the month following the assertion.

(5) The employee is permitted to carry out the work outside of the business premises of the
employer and outside the business premises of clients. This is with each
to be agreed with the manager in advance. However, attendance is compulsory for
Employer set deadlines.
(6) The employee is obliged to list the work he has done weekly and in the
enter the data system of the employer.
§ 7 Work Results
(1) All work results provided by the employee are due to the employer and go
subject to the provisions contained below in this section into the exclusive
property of the employer.
(2) Insofar as the work results are subject to copyright protection, the employee grants this
Employer the exclusive, perpetual, transferable and unrestricted in all respects
right of use for all types of use known now or in the future. On their enumeration
mutually waived. The right of use also includes the right to grant sublicenses
without the employee's consent. It is agreed that the employer has the right
to change the work results without restriction and in every conceivable way and in the same way the
To publish or exploit the change, insofar as the change does not distort the
work that violates the legitimate interests of the employee. The same applies
any legal successors. The above rights of use exist after termination
of the employment relationship indefinitely. For the treatment of copyrights
Computer programs find the legal regulations in Sections 69a to 69g of the Copyright Act
supplementary application.
(3) The employee will not make use of any right to have the car named.
(4) Claims for remuneration for work results are generally settled with the remuneration for work;
a right of the employee to an adjustment of remuneration or the payment of a further one
There is no remuneration for the rights of use granted, unless mandatory laws stipulate otherwise
dictate otherwise.
(5) Rights of use for the employee outside of his work performance and/or outside of the
Works/programs developed in the employer’s field of activity during working hours are the responsibility of the employer
offer immediately. In order to be included in operational use, a separate one is required
Agreement. The use of working time and resources for such developments is only after
prior consent of the employer.
(6) The employee undertakes to inform the employer of any and all of them for the duration of the
immediately in writing to report any invention made during the employment relationship. For the treatment of
Inventions and technical suggestions for improvement are subject to the provisions of the law
Employee inventions in the currently valid version.
(7) In the event that industrial property rights are acquired for the employer at home and abroad, the
Employees are obliged to cooperate as necessary.

§ 8 Vacation
(1) The holiday entitlement is 30 working days per calendar year.
(2) The employee plans and applies for his vacation in good time. The employee must withdraw from
Allow employers to approve leave. The employer can accept a vacation request from the
Reject the employee if there are urgent operational reasons or vacation requests from others
Workers who deserve priority from a social point of view come first.
(3) The employee agrees that the data for the period from December 24 to December 1
January of the following year working days are used for a company holiday
will.
The employee agrees that all bridge days are due to nationwide public holidays
arise when vacation days have to be taken.
(4) The legal treatment of vacation is otherwise based on the provisions of the
Federal Vacation Act.

§ 9 Inability to work and continued payment of remuneration in the event of illness
(1) The employee is obliged to inform the employer immediately of any hindrance to work
to share. As far as this is possible, he must also state the probable duration.
(2) If the inability to work due to illness lasts longer than two calendar days, the
Employees a medical certificate of the existence of incapacity for work and their
expected duration at the latest on the following working day. At one over the
illness beyond the specified period is a follow-up certificate within another
three days after the previous certificate of incapacity for work expired.
(3) If the employee is unable to work due to illness through no fault of his own, he is entitled to
Continued payment of wages for a period of six weeks according to the statutory
provisions. The employer is entitled to withhold the continued payment of remuneration for as long as
until the certificate of incapacity for work is received.

§ 10 Confidentiality
(1) The employee undertakes to keep track of all operational matters arising under or from
become aware of the reason for their activity in the company, during the duration of the employment relationship
and to maintain silence even after leaving.
A data protection declaration is signed by the employee separately from the employment contract.
(2) Upon termination of the employment relationship, all operational documents and those prepared
issue transcripts or copies to the employer.


Section 11 Secondary Employment
Any secondary employment that is paid or that impairs the employment relationship is only permitted with the consent of the
employer permitted. Before taking up secondary employment, the employee is obliged to
notify the employer. He must provide the employer with information about all facts in this regard
grant that it needs to examine the question of impairment.

§ 12 contractual penalty
In the event of culpable non-commencement of work, breach of contract, in particular non-compliance
the agreed notice period or early termination due to culpable breach of contract

conduct, the employee undertakes to pay the employer a contractual penalty in the amount of a gross
monthly fee to be paid.

Section 13 Seizure of wages and salaries, assignment of earned income
(1) The assignment as well as the pledging of remuneration claims are without the consent of the
employer excluded.
(2) In the case of wage and salary garnishments, the employee pays to the employer for each garnishment
Compensation for his expenses for processing the seizure a lump sum of EUR
20.00.

§ 14 Termination of employment
(1) The employment relationship ends at the end of the month in which the employee leaves the statutory
reached the normal retirement age.
(2) The employment relationship can be terminated with a notice period of three months to the end of the quarter
will.
(3) The extension of the notice period is based on the statutory provisions. The agreed
The notice period applies to both the employer and the employee.
(4) The termination must be in writing. The cancellation of this contract also requires the written form.

§ 15 Forfeiture of Claims, Expiry Periods
All claims from the employment relationship must be paid within a period of three months after they are due
Text form can be asserted. If this is not done, these claims expire.
If the service provider rejects the claim in text form or does not declare this within a
month after the assertion of the claim, it expires if it is not claimed within three months
is asserted in court after the rejection or after the end of the one-month period.

The limitation period does not apply: to liability based on intent, to damage resulting from the violation of the
life, body or health or for claims of the employee by operation of law of this
Deadline has been withdrawn (e.g. AEntG, MiLoG, BetrVG, TVG).

§ 16 Contract changes and partial nullity
Subsidiary agreements, changes and additions to this contract must be in writing. Are single
Provisions of this contract are ineffective, this does not affect the effectiveness of the remaining ones
provisions of this contract.

Frankfurt, September 27, 2022............ ....................... ........................................
Frank Oberste-Dommes
Managing Director of Labor Digital GmbH

.................................................. .............
Edward Kvanka
Managing Director of Labor Digital GmbH